it said that whenever it rains in Syria
the Lebanese have to open their
umbrellas the current war in Syria
threatens to spill over into Lebanon
the ties which bind Lebanon and Syria
run deep
both countries were created by colonial
design both consist of a complex mix of
religious sects and baths have a border
with northern Israel
for over 40 years syria has played Big
Brother intervening in Lebanon's
complicated and often fractious politics
it may well be that past events will
shape what happens in the two countries
in the future
esta mañana la la de Finetti Alan aha
Elmo Tamara Safi with him academia now
he is shot heavily suya Lassa this way
we are hospital Asha I bet you scripts
available Arabic name Lamarr try that
yourself IVC
something on them now that the street
Lebanon and Syria two states born in the
same period and bound by a shared
history both established under French
mandate at the end of the first world
war that war saw the dissolution of the
Ottoman Empire the colonial powers
France and Britain divvied up its former
territories in the Middle East the
secret sykes-picot agreement led to the
division of the region into various
French and British administered areas in
the region some welcomed the prospect of
new States others protested denouncing
what they called the division of one
body the marula whopper but at the
shackle keone el Casa de Lublin K&L
hasta Soria illa a t-bar Surya a woman a
new Lublin Cantera Fillion Sousa men-men
Soria Tata examine Soria odometer Lubner
habayit Balu I saw a Yeti Anibal wish
then su mo Judy lurking Lamott be
McClure I had a Natasha was sex picot
the French mandate of Syria lasted until
1943 when two independent countries
emerged from the Mandate period Syria
and Lebanon French troops left the
region for good in 1946
divided at Birth by colonial design both
states were yet destined to be bound by
a common fate but over the years their
relationship was to prove uneasy like
that
of rival siblings a lolly at Lublin is
Surya sedative a turret motive le monde
uma da del Este Leliana mundo him
Madonna Belgium saw her veins tower
veins of our brain non-fossil Nadia
non-forcible must've algún brookey had
al-ahzab weather it from fossil has be
sure I can has word day a magnum who we
can ill McHale litter the whole fish one
definitiely Anna naina Talwar nobility
in Senegal our Benson el-mahdi note a
Lewis wat Lebanon e annual early tada
hitori fish una Lebanon evil Aiken
Isaiah who we in neukölln caliber
disordered misery Anna Bennett this
Halloween with serene men Beirut can it
you need to shackle moon Pollock lead
pot it will Adam Lucia stealer really am
colossal fee surya add that Marat can it
lodges Sree
total war in Surrey in Phoebe root miss
Ella lardelli presenters about him seen
at the el gusano did leha we can
rational Howie Phil Hansen earth who can
who women the asana his basura community
my tomatillo is a little bird
the syrian-lebanese relationship entered
a new phase in 1970 in November that
year Syria's defense minister Havas
al-assad seized control of the country
he was to rule the country for the next
30 years 1970 also proved a momentous
year for Lebanon in September of that
year Palestinian fighters clashed with
the Jordanian regime in what became
known as Black September the palestine
liberation organization led by Yasser
Arafat was expelled from Jordan and
moved to Lebanon Lebanon could not deal
with the influx of thousands of PLO
fighters the presence of the PLO
exacerbated Lebanon's delicate political
sectarian system in 1975 civil war
erupted in Lebanon a mainly Christian
front was led by Pierre mal and Camille
Shamoon a mainly Muslim and leftist
alliance was led by Kemal jungler the
PLO sided with John blood in 1976 with
John Blatz forces prevailing Lebanese
president Suleiman Fran GA and other
Christian leaders called on Syria for
help Syrian forces intervened in Lebanon
as the main part of an Arab peacekeeping
force to impose a ceasefire the
situation was further complicated when
Israel invaded southern Lebanon in 1978
Korea kid tandem lay a small hole in and
yet our leutnant
illa Medusa Mir doch Lydia and showcases
austerity and yet awhile Lubner in
illa-allah empty did oh sorry Leo empty
dead at the empty dead Arab in Wadena
hospital but calm David sarthak tear
Hazira morale I did win a duel ROP well
badeah também Oh sir
confetti burn oh yes you will MC because
we believed in
li mana empty d'etat in Finland loop
gain Allah Allah Allah Jupiter with 9mt
death battle Arab elemental female hero
commenced amnion lugan Tata woman
horn-shaped it bday to Hartfield nan
that I your assessee be la Isla a
vanilla belladonna la no Lube nan SAR
ilaha Dima she's a malice minimal effect
a CSE daily well her she easily Syrian
President Hafez al-assad was asserting
himself as the strong man of Lebanon but
the Christian militia leaders who had
benefited from Syrian intervention began
to turn against their bigger brother
Syrian involvement in Lebanon's affairs
increased many Lebanese accused Syria of
being behind the assassination of
leftist leader Kemal jungler in 1977 in
1982 Israel again invaded Lebanon and
reached Beirut talking with the
Americans al-assad gained a reputation
as a tough negotiator Syrian forces were
caught up in the fighting with Israel
but Syria discovered a new ally in
Lebanon that would over the years grow
into a powerful force
Hezbollah the PLO left Lebanon in 1982
in the ensuing years Syria confirmed its
status as the primary player in Lebanese
politics in 1985
Lebanon's warlords traveled to Damascus
to sign the tripartite agreement to end
Lebanon Civil War the deal was signed by
Wally jumb lot of the Progressive
Socialist Party Nabih Berri
leader of the Amal movement and Elie
Hobeika chief of the Lebanese Forces
militia through their Lebanese allies
the Syrians had managed to assert
influence and control over most of
Lebanon but political conflict remained
in 1988 Lebanon failed to hold its
presidential election two rival
government's emerged Lebanese army
commander Michel
leader of the government in East Beirut
declared what he called a war of
liberation against Syrian occupation
hello photography rest a few lemurs mark
deer initially magnify a wall mu Sahara
- Jenna Fiala astra Baabda an ostrich
amore Bob Delhi put local I hasten us
rishabh empathy a battery alpha we make
an advocacy is here in Africa rotten Ian
no fee Amman Masood fish am on the way
is motor ahead and I met Michelle on
many more a day amanda marie de la
serene check-in jes3 when a mom or a
dealer would sue rafi feed opening
beneficent rocket can't head in a
machine I've nearly donated name be
sheerly Kamla vimla be well if I am
defeated I will die here because I don't
want to deceive my people
that's a decision six months of
bombardment and fighting ensued between
OHS troops on one side and Syrian forces
and the militia
allies on the other on the 13th of
October 1990 Syrian forces store
owns headquarters in the presidential
palace the u.s. did not condemn Syria's
attack at the time Syria was needed in
the american-led coalition to liberate
Kuwait from Iraq with owns downfall the
Lebanese civil war officially ended but
a year earlier Lebanese parliamentarians
had met in Saudi Arabia to sign the TAF
peace accord the agreement confirmed
serious dominion over Lebanese affairs
facility' wazoo natively cannot call a
me as na a crowd at the fuck up I can
they sue really other Pula wish I could
assess if you see a hot Heather Latifah
the Taiwan malmö black Al Arabiya Saudi
robbery ID Elliot a master Laquisha Col
mubashar bill Elliot ahead LM Ricki
woman chanel has a Latifah thump of weed
Soria Brielle mubashar Ella water loop
Nelly can a rabbit mimizuku Jara Jara
hyleri high atmospheric added or
independent well yeah the jamming was a
certain Vitelli can indulge truly muta
cut him Beto hit was sister Jason of
planning well I was successfully but off
with the dual in Rosewood were rehired
earlier Lamia coruña to draw a block and
I had a talented man in November 1989
Renee Marwood was elected the first
president of Lebanon after the signing
of the tie for cord
17 days later Mohammad was assassinated
in a car bomb attack
two days later Lebanese MPs hastily met
to elect Elias her are we as the new
president l'm a fetish really love name
who will attend the israel renew Howard
young maiden Stockland yes babe but yet
Missoula had a young male contain till
no way general were Mabel Basharat ously
what abdomen her Israel yes Lehrer we
firmly differ Mara is a surah Hafiz
Allah said and you know and McCain who
we all had in Kabir a result already
terminate who Surya Allah ordered the
leave Lebanon liturgy I know my dad Lou
how can thesis in a way metal Mohammedan
race LaHood Rock'em with all this s and
away the Mahalo fee father highly
distorted look nary a easily as Larry we
Leno hisab mal you met a lot identifier
is a zoom Riyadh are are 10 feet cool
mohammed matsui
can Hassan behead on Yahoo Allison
thoughtless on do holiday to - abandon
serene energized with a damn a little
commandant Li si herb a no-brainer
half the Assad will Mashhad there any
food with Zachary an erratic anonymous
will see our rebellious lira we can
chuckled a innumerable yesterday we saw
Bajal on drazi ambassador to alchemy was
economics with Sierra fee
Gazi cannon served as Syrian military
intelligence chief in Lebanon the
much-feared general was dubbed the
Viceroy in Lebanon on may the 22nd 1991
Hafez al-assad and Elias hurrah we
signed the Treaty of brotherhood
cooperation and coordination in Damascus
Harare called it's Syria's first formal
recognition of Lebanese sovereignty
critics felt it merely reinforced
foreign hegemony had the Sarah is Hafez
al-assad vo music and in has a Lenoir
had the here member sanne Jolla Lena
Lublin with Surya Chauhan Wahid fever
Laden Kenneth Daisy
oh well Marah Minda is URI yeah Trevi
and olive named Ali mr. Leon an Surya B
is Maya
clearly she had o only was a political
Lhasa no Lamia is Hafez al-assad
Mutassim an O movie be show rulers who
want is our chemica infidel kalasa
the 1991 treaty signed between Lebanon
and Syria legitimized the Syrian
military presence in Lebanon opponents
in Lebanon saw it as a contract between
unequal partners allowing Syria to
dominate Lebanon the treaty also gave
Syria as say in the key issue of
Lebanon's resistance to the Israeli
occupation in 1992 Rafiq Hariri was
elected Lebanese Prime Minister backed
by Saudi Arabia his main task was to
manage Lebanon's post-war reconstruction
and then after I walked Thome
should let me have a few movie yet
machine attorney Janet pennyman racela
DAV Olimpico Wachter aho whoever is yes
laachraoui me Surya Surya cabinet
behaving and a lot elaborate narrow and
haughty little root walker shuttle a
world yet I'll lock be a yellow cotton
mayor Anna Anna Taco Bell is Larry rail
a local mayor's available a nursery year
and muscles and Hospital Madonna Merlot
lambertini Talib Minu Colby and noodle a
scary story film game till it Miceli
fossil my Bengal amine were locked Assad
a Tibetan lama little armored one Salahi
Hariri ham little Hammond Milania Julia
Surya can remain silent hey al maraa bar
wah Alma's la Li
homily mugambi mana and Marbella lastly
ha
Ella tea tomorrow bill mccollum Lotito
shaman Elsa regime Athlon oh and yeah
Tony
salut Ellen Kullman body duel film on
tikka masala Naja Maria Liz Lamia fear
on Coursera hey Anna daya Badal mahadba
no naka Kathy men you know do batata
asuri in con con una ashley a femur
Halima I liked Fe him Lee Rachelle Alma
, FEMA not a Mahayana canít o Muhammad
access via
La Silla no I Ella Hanna banana Surya
Chocolat wada Amer Mahajan Daniel if
illallah WA Judy huff alumna Chocolat
rotten CAC and a Chilean allah miyan in
macomb my shrine Lee s de ho
if I treated this any yet an immature
Alma power me
Merilee Iranian Masurian were masseur
hardly amar Elmer is Audion wha
collision better no tariffs on Matisse
in Newark in la urbe
hey da da da esashi navaja di Shamu and
had his silhouette and John a Lebanese
border town that became the center of
Syrian dominion in Lebanon it was here
that Syria's military intelligence chief
in Lebanon Ghazi cannon headquartered in
this Villa held sway over Lebanon lady
Kenna Mullen Allah aunt meliha Kalina
bit the Queen and work along with a lot
kill a mortal foe and Surya what we
added to jump on or who will you in
classic honor well Nadia swaha FEMA bad
ever had the in Melissa was maharaja
said midden workers season any leader
aha and a party my new American on Omaha
a to feed sterner and Kathy Leino movie
kathira melanoma and of the AB in a dark
suit hypodermic Liberty regime over
Houston be muscle shame logic and ran a
wall on some are some Ezeli
but whispered is el rey mysterio Salta
cerebrum named later Hellas garmisch CLE
Ovid mi vida de Mashhadi me Delaney
Haida Mineta
mom Nora and Yamcha Marcus Cara Rudy me
hide albeit in the pent roof ojala a
glutton
Najibullah Talalay abolish shibecoin lb
buca's on every well as affirmed Oh
Murphy must old dolly lube nanny
mmm Kabir Hamato Sri Rama is Jamboree
LaRocca malaria is measures no way be
ella ella ella
Conlan's ro idol bye - hi Anjali wobbly
well ECS your ammonia neat rows from
Roselli Oh buzzy kannada nisha italian
hiya hiya Holly Mirada he was a muscle
enough enough soon worked and it will be
enough cinema kadar but it surely in the
kingdom Haman Masek Mufasa let why she
ballad
well I look Nene LSD can I autumn ah
coolio head minnow a lattice in Morocco
Allah surah I don't little McElveen
assumptive are can finish I'm history
the alliance between Syria and Lebanon
was one of imbalance Syria was the Big
Brother holding power over its smaller
sibling in all fields the Syrian
security services in Lebanon had a
reputation for being ruthless and
omnipresent
hot illogical alcohol neelaveni they -
Surat of Arriba lo que little Coulomb
meter Fodor she killed Modi rented
sucker Velma Nevada faizon sorry aware
Mulaney kevalam nursery kill kill
AM L AM NYADA Arts or even L AM nursery
Ohio's total muffin batter hadith Allah
al merini
men with Allah Allah Allah Allah Gustav
aluminum pedal mode or whatever an ax a
hammer mode or less even Hal van Romero
Surya more than 20 years after the end
of the Lebanese civil war many families
that people still missing believe their
loved ones are still held in Syrian
James
the ties which bind Lebanon and Syria
run deep both gained independence from
French mandate rule in the 1940s yet
their relationship over the years has
been uneasy Lebanon was at times used as
a launch pad for opponents of past
rulers in Syria in 1976 Syrian troops
entered Lebanon as peacekeepers it was
the beginning of an era of Syrian
intervention and hegemony but such
domination came at a cost
hon Bhima Yaffe Mammon apostle kin fee
Lomita yusuf ali melaka being abusive
honey McCarl at a deep well yeah
negotiated well fabricate daddy class or
so a fetal how Robin Lee after mother
Jesu surah v Hulu in aluminum atom at -
even hey hey selfie man - it Lou Alisa a
fetal Cora let's Jeb Sheree chimera
anima add the vessel FL Corral Nizam
holiday any rotten Lube Nanda Maharaja
Lou by yak acrylic Manito Mahabharat can
Oh Annie hey Dom DOM ambi distances in
Mahabharat will a man be killed
um
since 1978 Israel had continued its
occupation of southern Lebanon with
support from Iran and Syria Hezbollah
grew stronger and the conflict with
Israel became fearsome Coletti cunning a
fugitive who about a charlatan were you
dear sir I'm sorry
the kunafa see the aura is heartless it
I'm willin ya know led an Charl McCollum
was a mafia felon who led a mini female
mubahala before he died strategy mocha
wanna lick a yahoo banal Macau Maserati
Italia momento hacer Alamos here at
Bernardo koala Phil of Nan is a
gentleman power me to sell him via the
office Rahim Asuna confession of Samaha
their horror me were Tamil it Muhammad
Mustafa diplomacy I walk Alberto a
Shopaholic local candidate ever and no
Salmonella movement a Salalah strategy
on the any yester have them all had a
lawful birth about a Trier strategic and
the Pequot ear were the by an abandoned
iluminage ahead feet are parallel
auntie Sarah my data bond Adela top we
had a little face Oreo
the alliance between the Syrian regime
and the Lebanese groups fighting Israeli
occupation grew ever stronger and in
1998 Lebanon elected a new president
army commander Emil LaHood he was backed
by Syria by the late 1990s Hafez
al-assad was becoming increasingly frail
he died in June 2000 he was succeeded by
his son Bashar an amine in Laveen shahru
be telling your coven in Lebanon
culturally one of the nice welcome to
Allah who original animal pollen Anakin
Saphir lieutenant the surah-e-yusuf
usually inadequate working where they
can sharp beat the leg your huh quickly
finish rubella a melodica where Donald
along alternately come--it alleges in
immediately
a two-carat ladder at the widget anniv
year and look Nemea
we sharks in la Aguada am demon
in 2000 Israel unilaterally withdrew
from southern Lebanon the Lebanese would
jubilant the end of Israel's occupation
prompted some to question the need for
Syria's continued military presence in
Lebanon hardly damage is not a deviation
in Elul al Faine house in the Red Death
Valley area Alba track Merkabah shock
see yet Maroney Cunliffe approach a
bursary aim at the Hajj Amin Alba track
Leonardo da Naboo Cruiser Suleiman de
Mendoza school had that stemming from
Gianna zach maguet elite creaky B alpha
Sierra o Torre era is Mila hold Elida
Badu Masada has Raheem questions about
Syria were also being asked at an
international level in the wake of the
9/11 attacks on the United States the
administration of George Bush began to
view Syria on the wrong side in his
so-called war on terror
in March 2003 the u.s. invaded Iraq
after Saddam Hussein's downfall then US
Secretary of State Colin Powell visited
Damascus the Americans were looking to
turn up the heat on Syria Nell has ruled
America Flamel final a table a rock
colonia roof and Colin Powell moments
from a richard armitage at whele Surya
who had the dual of shackle lbr Arianna
shackle diplomacy wattle Abu menara is
Victor Bashar mesh Marat metallic canal
are Ecija Matalin L ha Makati and mu
common philosophy damask
tabby ride Erica Allah Malala Raj sir
iam in Lebanon Vitalik an anomaly of God
Surya
waraqa SSE AHA Mustafa and muahaha fill
maanteeeca Videla communique came upon
falada Surya Adam Midori and econo-mode
are who are bein ashore see you know ba
ba ba dil kya desuyo mean humans to see
defeat of sheer mcdabble and elko me
affarin can rile bod and know the Suresh
Nam in Lebanon salut cuttlefish awara
dimashq batty bar an alumna logical
mohkumat a condom li mi l nauseous Surya
Amaya and Alma shrew a lady call me a
lady Tokuda who Surya mean horn again we
Tico is a big big laughable tikka masala
ha me bein a Paillard what an her well I
met Michel Aoun
where an American where and wait ma
tiger America a minion hollows men LM
sorry Philip name last
Lt Col masala had a and did it has him
where made me Sharon in a congress that
America well our parama better my betta
aarif be cannon Maha Sabha Surya
le Hui ass Lankan goon Tahrir look knee
in June 2004 French president Jacques
Chirac met US President George Bush
while discussing Iraq the issue of
Syria's presence in Lebanon came up
during their talks ganesh team at
Normandy
Willie Adam whathe DuBose a character
automatically john-boy's Shelly and avi
Azshara and no Helene Antalya Surya
voluminous cotton days on excessive
sorry I know it seems that you are
welcome for go ahead and I will back and
lose I'll not Natalia and whatever name
she whenever dama and no Bible husband
Lodge will not agree I'm not a mystery
metal ladle will es mucha Heidi well
maja Forenza bad Mariah HCA set off a
new era a new Surya totally Tamaran
Leone no Vanessa Billa L ownership
activate atomic dude Aroo see assini
Mar Abra Iran not wash our closet back
in Lebanon president Amy LaHood six-year
term in office was coming to an end
he was seen as loyal to Damascus and so
Syria wanted to extend his term despite
Lebanon's Constitution forbidding
presidents from serving two consecutive
terms Fugit piano arrows from Caesarea
vallini Empress Theodora Issa dr. Bashar
Lazaridis of Portland who were to loosen
rice and that attempted that row a
similar Hood corrupted the depot
convoluted beurre monté West anonymous
rod when a Christian lady in the
nobility were forcing it the Futaba
normandy r-rajim
je a haughty ally but the anisa model
Dini
do share the reality the Lumatere
vanilla who drew beer town a little west
a mystic even a shock CNO released the
house a to McCain a your food Leslie in
Taliban McCain mr. Malley shall kill me
away Percy 7e is a star Malta be hala is
lahood memory stick immediate malice no
car three farad Le Pen Ont be dr. Babu
Salta
when medic let's Anna with Anna my hover
with a facility' Fazil Elliot did Allah
Subhan Allah is LaHood beat'em did
we're a tool at cuts and away she did
you kick a bit Mohammed Ahmed Alaa lady
committee historian herodotus deeply Amy
LaHood Canara is Shahidi October piano
who is Tatiana yossel illa ala carte a
locket Rama's vena woven and his own
Suri in a locket affirmed in a locker
esto todavía kick el masala Lubner Nia
masala paneer Lucania
vetas imam al masala Latonia Surya well
I support her deal not Helen that random
occurrence who you
daddy'd Rafiq Hariri wha Kola amethyst
deeply LaHood Emma miserable belladonna
zakora's William lot well at the hab
died and fever how alert Adam
mad Ibaka Minnesota loop Linea bhisma
and a hot Sofia in Andorra is Rafiq
Hariri da da da da Julie and you mad
didn't Idaho an echidna sh ma who later
Kelly amber Darwin Martha ablaze here at
least Hariri feed Hamish or Hutton salon
dollar debt solution by Sharia le bel -
wahad Allium beads are lava Bea boob man
metal al-maliki mole Co but Denis met de
dooda resistor hold LuAnn - Walter moon
and Leanna Elton on a Rama did Laurie
Strode banana and he stole a lot man
opposition to Syria was increasing in
Lebanon many Lebanese resented what they
saw as Syria's heavy-handed meddling in
Lebanese affairs cooperating with Syria
Lebanon security forces sought to
suppress the protests in October 2004
Prime Minister Rafik Hariri resigned
declining to form a new government that
would face international pressure over
Syria's interference in Lebanese affairs
mechanic Hannah Hart
Tomas I am aware on I did love how in
hamster life particle add did la tarde
botanist and a melon woman was a phone
dialer alone I declare soup by the
Nestle button generate voila Moroccan
fish are on sorry dude sueleen when
McAfee er what they learn here in Syria
Lebanon Surya fishery olive nephron an
international criticism of Syria's
meddling in Lebanon's internal affairs
increased in September 2004 the UN
Security Council issued resolution 1559
calling for foreign troops to leave
Lebanon an indirect reference to Syrian
troops bowing to Syrian pressure the
Lebanese Parliament hastily convened to
amend the Constitution to allow lahood
another three years in power
on the 14th of February 2005 former
Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was
killed when a suicide bomber drove a van
packed with explosives into his convoy
in Beirut
kind of Beirut our Beirut yeah be rude
bandit our Millah holdin Bashar yummy
ruled on the Darla holding Russia
Hariri's assassination lay bare the
division among the Lebanese people on
one side were those who accuse Syria of
being behind the murder on the other
side were those who rejected this
accusation and cited a us-led conspiracy
targeting Syria and Hezbollah the market
is Hariri hi Kenneth submit barrack tear
utterly machine and on tottemo o makki
London yonni
Weller Silla v.a.t.s Teixeira is Lefevre
Hariri cadastre Cecily division vadym
hey el que no amigas new loop Denis you
induce Alouette was Alouette was unaware
wanna Zechariah means L Nenana Shazia
tour Nashua new Weber Mahalo writing her
defin North Ashiya Gina do very
elaborate Aharon Gibran tweeny
Musa McKenna mushy elaborate Ramallah
mozu dodoria a taberna no Denis Eady
bhadrashal a division hamster deaf a
chef the dev was shift 'no bar Marilyn
and
Bharani femur halogen saw become a
lewiston gazelian ojos era and attack
Bharati attitude can i do karate surya
film non layman Brahim Sophie Sarah Sam
I had to say it hassle masala fee Marcus
I am an alum of her heart rate whether
Sam I had to say another bill Cole lon
Apple and yeah Josh and Rachel Hara
basura masculine Omaha zoomin in Lebanon
caramel WA as Ali walk imbalance am I
have to say it feasible ha de ah da sama
hot si Ella had a lotta phenomena doc
Tata on shukran Surya gah
Rafa we're at Jamil Lee had a thought
hey art well he had Altezza Molly have a
lolicon strategy female door masha'Allah
do Willis rain
so the formal sofrito Burton and muta
Merck is a fill of nan bill camel 11
Tocqueville Becca women Sandman element
acapella dude is Surya love nanny what
the fuck - Mara is you Muriel of money
aside Amelia hood and I'm assuming I'll
mention it to Nala Suri
I love nanny fever hoddan is war and
highly febrile is royal Holly Lea
trolley happenin see her when he had a
litter of an angel in her will a sauna
da cunha Surya had offered built
eternity her reality thought it boy if
whenever that most Bobby are tilcara
alpha hums neon
now yesterday our and no siliceous
William in lobna well I'm an athlete of
man well I'm of Calvillo plan while I am
in Mustafa Lilu plan
the division in Lebanon was highlighted
by two mass demonstrations in central
Beirut on March the 8th 2005 thousands
gathered to demonstrate their support to
Syria
a week later on March the 14th there was
another huge demonstration this time of
people opposed to Syria and demanding a
Syrian withdrawal from Lebanon in the
end the local and international pressure
was too great in April 2005 Syria
withdrew its remaining 14,000 troops out
of Lebanon so ending a military presence
in Lebanon of almost 30 years
Vanessa we're headed for Hajj nurse
marsh dr. Thielen hope hi Giselle hope
in casa es que sera sera what a
pseudonym Beefalo Vitelli ma da hell
fara Halligan and Xu have active a
letter as me Surya Velib 9 knock acid
ala bad foreigner asana la caboose our
new Mashhad Li can handle a scary story
how fickle Hodges sorrow Matala him
ethically fill in Albertville Jessie
Lavinia a linear artic tyranny McAlister
Bharata Suri education many a man LaHaye
me how a man SS have a layer that is a
layer with the mirror all Syria sheet
Daniel had allotted as Dharma who bother
who's suing me look none of Connecticut
up Teresita hey everyone one little spot
Emma Emma Nami I said and how not to
miss luckily Lube nanny lotta hollows
mean Haman at Mahabharat Surya well I
can okay for him Anna tell Mahabharat a
Lahiya tina waha wanna Allen Masada nano
digital measure lot Eden Elena not all
Osman and Ficino
album an amine and personal Kadima
a Letty to hell little fatty chemicals
Braun Summa to Adobe say hey Tristan
Carly to heli fat ninja did huaca de la
Melanie hiya
Toledo not a hollow smell hey - Surya
Eden or mocha latte Bacchus ACLU many
are Helia Abbado a film wardo
piece a little Mahalo
Syrian troops left Lebanon but many
suspected Damascus still had a hand in
Lebanese affairs there was a string of
assassinations of politicians and
journalists in Beirut some accused Syria
others accuse Israel Lebanon remained
deeply divided that he ever feel really
stole him
ahem Julia Rockefeller Kaufman dementia
their Chilean stood him machine benefit
knee out buzu fit knee by man shouts
Muhammad well ye I did little sizzle am
rain yeah but a litlle modulus worried
about more hallelula the Cottle Ellicott
well the Lamar P team has baloney for al
Shehri believe me I don't hold fitting
increasingly isolated serious
strengthened its ties with key allies in
the region
it also welcomed any new friends within
Lebanon Christian leader Michelle
who had fought Syria in the past
cemented an alliance with Hezbollah and
reconciled with the Syrian regime
in July 2006 Israel launched a new war
on Lebanon Hezbollah claimed a victory
its stature heightened in the country
and the region Syria enjoyed the
limelight of its support for Hezbollah
but many in Lebanon remain deeply wary
of the Syrian regime by late 2009 the
West sought to revive relations with
Syria hoping to draw it away from its
alliance with Iran and Hezbollah
but everything changed in March 2011
when the rebellion in Syria began
protests in Syria against the al-assad
regime
grew the conflict escalated into bitter
warfare the war in Syria has heightened
deep rivalries and sectarian tensions in
Lebanon the city of Tripoli in North
Lebanon has seen clashes between the
Alawite minority which is the sect the
Syrian President belongs to and the
Sunni majority
listen to seven millimoles at Havas acid
Ellis ulta liliane yohwan Mara and Yanni
Zulu al-akbar ozone will come I will
assume the Tesla we will lazuli be had
LLL kill you bill Jeremy Bennett on
Hasee Lee has ozone roof Dawkins and
abetted a new Johnny
metella Haslam herbal Paul knew Maria sr
l hala Surya Ali loop then Mahua SR and
Al hala Surya yeah Neil am Todd hi
LaMotta Masika field Oh boots ID column
many vamoosh Mellie edema Sally Kira
Kira meter batted Mohonasen any
clarification
hey uncle Olaf at Lebanon he is Surya
anta stopper ela and AMA use baja you
Sandman mangu motton up Lamia 10 most
Akira vowel is a hallelujah
Lebanon remains divided between pro
al-assad and anti al-assad factions a
legacy of the decades when the big
brother of Damascus all but ruled it's
smaller sibling of Beirut